Update installation script to use natif and docker build for every distributions (#2905)
hove-io/navitia: scripts/README.md

![alt text](../documentation/diagrams/logo_navitia_horizontal_fd_gris_250px.png)

# Development environment installation script

## What is it doing ?

The script is an entry point to build Navitia. It allows you to install the Navitia dependencies and build it.
It's cross-platform and modular. If your distribution is not available, do not hesitate to add it in the script. You should easilly be able to do it, following its design.

> The script is interactif and allow you to do what you want, how you want it. Moreover, any question can be skipped if you don't want to do a part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script is interactive and allows you to do what you want, how you want it. Moreover, any question can be skipped if you don't want to do a part.
```

## Requierements

> The installation script just need Bash to run. It's commonly installed on every modern system, you probably don't have to do anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation script just needs Bash to run. It's commonly installed on every modern system, you probably don't have to do anything.
```
